nick young and his girlfriend rachel chu
an economics professor at new york
university and new york native
traveled to singapore for the wedding of
his best friend colin
who is marrying aramintali in singapore
rachel visits her college friend paitlin
and her family
who are shocked when she tells them she
is dating nick young
pagelin reveals that nick's family is
extremely wealthy and famous
and are members of high society at a
dinner party at the young estate
nick introduces rachel to his mother
eleanor while his cousin astrid
discovers that her husband michael
who comes from a more humble background
than the youngs has been having an
affair
rachel senses that elena dislikes her at
araminta's bachelorette party
rachel meets amanda who reveals she is
nick's former girlfriend and hence
rachel may not be able to integrate into
such a high-class family with her lower
background
rachel finds her hotel room vandalized
by the other girls
who deem her a gold digger but is
comforted by astrid
nick attends colin's bachelor party
where he reveals to colin his plan to
propose to rachel
collin expresses his concern about the
trouble it will cause them
especially with nick being expected to
stay in singapore and run his family's
corporation and rachel loving her job in
new york
as well as the difference in their
statuses nick apologizes to rachel for
not telling her who he really was and
takes her to make chatsy dumplings with
his family
here eleanor recounts the sacrifices she
made to become a part of the young
family and
makes japs at rachel for her american
background
elena later privately recounts to rachel
how nick's father had to cast his own
green ring to propose to her as nick's
grandmother refused to give him the
family ring
owing to elena not being the first or
even second choice
she tells rachel that she will never be
enough for nick or his family
paklin convinces rachel to stand up to
eleanor and earn her respect
on the day of the wedding astrid
confronts michael about his affair
michael blames his unhappiness and the
great financial disparity between them
on her
during the wedding reception elena and
nick's grandmother privately confront
rachel and nick
using the findings of a private
investigation elena reveals that
rachel's father is alive
and rachel was conceived through an
adulterous affair
after which her mother kerry abandoned
her husband and fled to the united
states
they demand that nick stop seeing rachel
for fear of a scandal
as they cannot be linked to such a
family rachel is stunned
as kerry told her that her father was
dead she flees and stays at paiklin's
home
depressed and unwilling to speak to nick
kerry arrives in singapore
explaining that her husband was abusive
and that the comfort an old classmate
provided turned into love and a surprise
pregnancy
she fled with baby rachel in fear that
her husband would kill them kerry
reveals that nick was the one who had
called her to singapore and urges rachel
to talk to him
when they meet nick apologizes and
proposes to rachel
saying that he is willing to leave his
family behind to be with her
rachel arranges to meet eleanor at
amazon parlor
over a game of mahjong she reveals to
eleanor that she declined nick's
proposal so his relationship with his
family would not be ruined
she tells elena to remember that when
nick eventually marries someone who
lives up to her standards
it will be because of a selfless act on
the part of rachel
a girl elena looks down upon rachel lets
eleanor win
and leaves with kerry who glances at
elena as they depart
meanwhile astrid moves out telling
michael his ego
insecurities and unwillingness to make
their marriage work caused it to fail
elsewhere elena has a meeting with nick
emotionally affected by her exchange
with rachel
rachel and kerry bought a flight back to
new york city at singapore chang airport
but are interrupted by nick
who proposes with elena's green ring
revealing her blessing
in tears rachel accepts and they stay in
singapore one more night for an
engagement party
where elena odds at rachel in
acknowledgment rachel having finally
earned her respect